WIP: RHDEVDOCS-6128: Content creation for GitOps 1.14 RN (#81661)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-release-notes-1-14-0.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * release_notes/gitops-release-notes-1-14-0.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-14-0_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.14.0

{gitops-title} 1.14.0 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14, 4.15, and 4.16.

[id="errata-updates-1-14.0_{context}"]
== Errata updates

[id="RHSA-XXXX:NNNN-gitops-1-14-0-security-update-advisory_{context}"]

> === RHSA-XXXX:NNNN - {gitops-title} 1.14.0 security update advisory

Reviewer: Missing errata info will need to be added before sending to merge review queue

Author: I've added Errata information and updated this section.

Issued: 2024-09-18

> The list of security fixes that are included in this release is documented in the following advisory:

Reviewer: OCP's release notes say: You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

Either way, I think it would be "are" here, since we're referring to "security fixes" (plural): 

```suggestion
The list of security fixes that are included in this release are documented in the following advisory:
```

Author: Fixed.

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-XXXX:NNNN[RHSA-XXXX:NNNN]

Reviewer: I'm sure you know, but need errata info here.

Author: I've added Errata information and updated this section.

If you have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in the default namespace, run the following command to view the container images in this release:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe deployment gitops-operator-controller-manager -n openshift-gitops-operator
----

[id="new-features-1-14-0_{context}"]
== New features

> * With this update, users can customize permissions for the Application Controller component in a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance. The {gitops-title} Operator establishes an aggregated `ClusterRole`, and users can configure its permissions by following the standards of an aggregated `ClusterRole`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4681[GITOPS-4681]

Reviewer: In OCP, these issues are put in parentheses: 

```suggestion
* With this update, users can customize permissions for the Application Controller component in a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance. The {gitops-title} Operator establishes an aggregated `ClusterRole`, and users can configure its permissions by following the standards of an aggregated `ClusterRole`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4681[*GITOPS-4681*])
```

and bolded. up to you though!

Author: We do not bold links in GitOps documentation and I would like to stick to what we do originally.

> * With this update, users can customize permissions for the Application Controller component in a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance. The {gitops-title} Operator establishes an aggregated `ClusterRole`, and users can configure its permissions by following the standards of an aggregated `ClusterRole`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4681[GITOPS-4681]

Author: Fixed.

> * With this update, the following new features have been introduced for multi-sourced application:

Author: Fixed.

> ** Users can access revision history and rollback to a specific version of a multi-source application. Specifically, the *Details* view panel displays the most recent revision or commit details for each source in the multi-source application. Also, the *History* and *Rollback* panel displays the revision history associated with each source, enabling users to select the desired version for rollback. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4647[GITOPS-4647]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Users can access revision history and roll back to a specific version of a multi-source application. Specifically, the *Details* view panel displays the most recent revision or commit details for each source in the multi-source application. Also, the *History* and *Rollback* panel displays the revision history associated with each source, enabling users to select the desired version for rollback. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4647[GITOPS-4647]
```

Author: Fixed.

> ** Users can access revision history and rollback to a specific version of a multi-source application. Specifically, the *Details* view's panel displays the most recent revision or commit details for each source in the multi-source application. Also, the *History* and *Rollback* panel displays the revision history associated with each source, enabling users to select the desired version for rollback. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4647[GITOPS-4647]

Reviewer: Not sure what this actually looks like, but "*Details* views panel" reads kind of funny. Can you ensure that's correct? Could it be *Details* -> *View*  panel? or *Details view* panel?

Author: I am keeping it as Details View panel. Thanks.

> ** A new *SOURCES* tab is introduced for viewing and editing the source parameters of a multi-source application. The *SOURCES* tab displays all source parameters associated with the multi-source application, allowing you to edit the parameter values by using a form in the Web UI. This functionality consists of the capabilities for single-source applications, which are now extended to accommodate multiple sources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4192[GITOPS-4192]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** A new *SOURCES* tab is introduced for viewing and editing the source parameters of a multi-source application. The *SOURCES* tab displays all source parameters associated with the multi-source application, allowing you to edit the parameter values by using a form in the web UI. This functionality consists of the capabilities for single-source applications, which are now extended to accommodate multiple sources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4192[GITOPS-4192]
```

Author: Fixed.

> ** A new *SOURCES* tab is introduced for viewing and editing the source parameters of a multi-source application. The *SOURCES* tab displays all source parameters associated with the multi-source application, allowing you to edit the parameter values by using a form in the Web UI. This functionality consists of the capabilities for single-source applications, which are now extended to accommodate multiple sources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4192[GITOPS-4192]

Author: Fixed.

> * With this update, Repo server storage used for storing manifests can be extended by mounting Persistent Volumes. The default storage volume utilized by the Repo server is `EmptyDir`, which has limitations and may prove inadequate in scenarios involving numerous repositories, sizable repositories, or repositories containing large manifests. Additional storage can be mounted when required using the `.spec.repo.volumes` and `.spec.repo.volumeMounts` fields in the Argo CD CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4646[GITOPS-4646]

Reviewer: I'd probably put the link to the HA for Repo Server link before the Jira issue. 

```suggestion
* With this update, Repo server storage used for storing manifests can be extended by mounting Persistent Volumes. The default storage volume utilized by the Repo server is `EmptyDir`, which has limitations and might prove inadequate in scenarios involving numerous repositories, sizable repositories, or repositories containing large manifests. Additional storage can be mounted when required by using the `.spec.repo.volumes` and `.spec.repo.volumeMounts` fields in the Argo CD CR.
+
For more information, refer to the link:https://argocd-operator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/ha/repo-server/#high-availability-for-repo-server[HA for Repo Server].
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4646[GITOPS-4646]
```

I know it looks a little funny, but I have done this in the past. Up to you how you want to do it, though.

Author: Fixed.

> * With this update, Repo server storage used for storing manifests can be extended by mounting Persistent Volumes. The default storage volume utilized by the Repo server is `EmptyDir`, which has limitations and might prove inadequate in scenarios involving numerous repositories, sizable repositories, or repositories containing large manifests. Additional storage can be mounted when required by using the `.spec.repo.volumes` and `.spec.repo.volumeMounts` fields in the Argo CD CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4646[GITOPS-4646]

Reviewer 2: Seeing some inconsistent capitalization for "Repo server" vs "Repo Server"

```suggestion
* With this update, Repo server storage used for storing manifests can be extended by mounting persistent volumes. The default storage volume utilized by the Repo server is `EmptyDir`, which has limitations and might prove inadequate in scenarios involving numerous repositories, sizable repositories, or repositories containing large manifests. Additional storage can be mounted when required by using the `.spec.repo.volumes` and `.spec.repo.volumeMounts` fields in the Argo CD CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4646[GITOPS-4646]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * With this update, Repo server storage used for storing manifests can be extended by mounting Persistent Volumes. The default storage volume utilized by the Repo server is `EmptyDir`, which has limitations and might prove inadequate in scenarios involving numerous repositories, sizable repositories, or repositories containing large manifests. Additional storage can be mounted when required by using the `.spec.repo.volumes` and `.spec.repo.volumeMounts` fields in the Argo CD CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4646[GITOPS-4646]

Author: Fixed.

+

> For more information, refer to the link:https://argocd-operator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/ha/repo-server/#high-availability-for-repo-server[HA for Repo Server].

Reviewer 2: Usually we prefer "see" as opposed to "refer to", but not a big deal

> * With this update, users can implement an alternative sharding algorithm that utilizes consistent hashing with bounded loads. The algorithm ensures a uniform distribution of managed clusters across shards while minimizing the need for reshuffling during configuration changes, such as adjustments in the number of managed clusters or shards. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3584[GITOPS-3584]

Author: Fixed.

> * With this update, users can expose Argo CD Application labels on Kubernetes events generated by Argo CD. When events are created for applications that have specific label keys defined in the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field within the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap, the controller associates the relevant labels with these events. This enhancement facilitates the filtering and processing of events according to application labels. To set the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field in a {gitops-shortname} environment, use the `.spec.extraConfig` field in the Argo CD CR. The {gitops-shortname} Operator automatically incorporates these fields from the `.spec.extraConfig` field into the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3233[GITOPS-3233]

Reviewer: If you move the GitOps link to after the content in the entry above, I'd move it here too.

Author: I would not move the JIRA entry as I would like to stick to how we are linking currently in GitOps.

> * With this update, users can expose Argo CD Application labels on Kubernetes events generated by Argo CD. When events are created for applications that have specific label keys defined in the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field within the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap, the controller associates the relevant labels with these events. This enhancement facilitates the filtering and processing of events according to application labels. To set the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field in a {gitops-shortname} environment, use the `.spec.extraConfig` field in the Argo CD CR. The {gitops-shortname} Operator automatically incorporates these fields from the `.spec.extraConfig` field into the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3233[GITOPS-3233]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* With this update, users can expose Argo CD Application labels on Kubernetes events generated by Argo CD. When events are created for applications that have specific label keys defined in the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field within the `argocd-cm` config map, the controller associates the relevant labels with these events. This enhancement facilitates the filtering and processing of events according to application labels. To set the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field in a {gitops-shortname} environment, use the `.spec.extraConfig` field in the Argo CD CR. The {gitops-shortname} Operator automatically incorporates these fields from the `.spec.extraConfig` field into the `argocd-cm` config map. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3233[GITOPS-3233]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * With this update, users can expose Argo CD Application labels on Kubernetes events generated by Argo CD. When events are created for applications that have specific label keys defined in the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field within the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap, the controller associates the relevant labels with these events. This enhancement facilitates the filtering and processing of events according to application labels. To set the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field in a {gitops-shortname} environment, use the `.spec.extraConfig` field in the Argo CD CR. The {gitops-shortname} Operator automatically incorporates these fields from the `.spec.extraConfig` field into the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3233[GITOPS-3233]

Author: Fixed.

+
.Example 

> [source,YAML]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[source,yaml]
```

Author: Fixed.

> [source,YAML]

Author: Fixed.

----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: argocd-sample # <1>
  namespace: default # <2>
spec:
  extraConfig:
    resource.includeEventLabelKeys: team,env* # <3>
----
<1> Specifies the name of the Argo CD instance.
<2> Specifies the namespace where the Argo CD is installed.
<3> Specifies the label keys that match and are added onto Application events.
+
For more information, refer to link:https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#labels-on-application-events[Labels on Application Events].

> * With this update, users can develop applications by verifying commit signatures for `ApplicationSet` CDR created using Git generators. Before this update, users could develop applications without the necessity of verifying commit signatures. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3049[GITOPS-3049]

Reviewer: CRDs? custom resource definitions? Not sure what CDRs are, but maybe they're relevant to gitops.

Author: It is indeed CRDs. Sorry about the typo. I have fixed the incorrect change. Thanks.

> * With this update, users can develop applications by verifying commit signatures for `ApplicationSet` CRD created using Git generators. Before this update, users could develop applications without the necessity of verifying commit signatures. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3049[GITOPS-3049]

Author: Fixed.

+
[NOTE]
====
The signature verification does not function with the templated project field in `ApplicationSet` CRD Git Generator.
====

[id="fixed-issues-1-14-0_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, users could not execute a rollback for multi-source applications in the Argo CD Web UI or CLI. This updates fixes the issues because users can now carry out rollbacks for multi-source applications using the Argo CD Web UI or CLI. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3996[GITOPS-3996]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, users could not execute a rollback for multi-source applications in the Argo CD Web UI or CLI. This update fixes the issues, and users can now carry out rollbacks for multi-source applications using the Argo CD Web UI or CLI. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3996[GITOPS-3996]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, users could not execute a rollback for multi-source applications in the Argo CD Web UI or CLI. This update fixes the issues, and users can now carry out rollbacks for multi-source applications using the Argo CD Web UI or CLI. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3996[GITOPS-3996]

Reviewer 2: Assume they don't need to be capitalized

```suggestion
* Before this update, users could not execute a rollback for multi-source applications in the Argo CD web UI or CLI. This update fixes the issues, and users can now carry out rollbacks for multi-source applications using the Argo CD web UI or CLI. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3996[GITOPS-3996]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, the `ApplicationSet` Controller role did not include the `list` and `watch` permissions for the `AppProject` resource, which resulted in errors during the application generation process. This update fixes the issue by granting necessary permissions to the `ApplicationSet` Controller role. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5401[GITOPS-5401]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the `ApplicationSet` Controller role did not include the `list` and `watch` permissions for the `AppProject` resource. As a result, there were errors during the application generation process. This update fixes the issue by granting necessary permissions to the `ApplicationSet` Controller role. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5401[GITOPS-5401]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, Argo CD was unable to synchronize Persistent Volume resources on {OCP} v4.16, due to the introduction of the new `.status.lastPhaseTransitionTime` field in Kubernetes v1.29. This update fixes the issue by modifying the Kubernetes static scheme in Argo CD. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5167[GITOPS-5167]

Reviewer: Remove comma: 

```suggestion
* Before this update, Argo CD was unable to synchronize Persistent Volume resources on {OCP} v4.16 due to the introduction of the new `.status.lastPhaseTransitionTime` field in Kubernetes v1.29. This update fixes the issue by modifying the Kubernetes static scheme in Argo CD. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5167[GITOPS-5167]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, the {gitops-title} Operator included a race condition where the OpenShift Service CA created the TLS secret before establishing the default TLS termination policy. This resulted in `Passthrough` being set as the default policy rather than `Reencrypt`. This update fixes this race condition by verifying whether the secret was created by the OpenShift Service CA, ensuring that `Reencrypt` is used as the correct default policy. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4947[GITOPS-4947]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the {gitops-title} Operator included a race condition where the OpenShift Service CA created the TLS secret before the default TLS termination policy was set. As a result, the default policy was set as `Passthrough` instead of `Reencrypt`. This update fixes this race condition by verifying whether the secret was created by the OpenShift Service CA, ensuring that `Reencrypt` is used as the correct default policy. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4947[GITOPS-4947]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, adding a self-signed TLS certificate for the ApplicationSet GitLab SCM Provider did not function as intended, as the certificate failed to mount on the required volume. This update fixes the issue by correcting the volume mount path and providing documentation on the appropriate usage of this feature. Users are now required to ensure that the ConfigMap is designated as `argocd-appset-gitlab-scm-tls-certs-cm`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4801[GITOPS-4801]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, adding a self-signed TLS certificate for the ApplicationSet GitLab SCM Provider did not function as intended, as the certificate failed to mount on the required volume. This update fixes the issue by correcting the volume mount path and providing documentation on the usage of this feature. Users are now required to ensure that the config map's name is `argocd-appset-gitlab-scm-tls-certs-cm`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4801[GITOPS-4801]
```

Author: Fixed.

+
[NOTE]
====

> The key for the TLS Certificate ConfigMap must be labeled 'cert', because this serves as the filename for the mounted certificate. Other key names will not be effective due to an upstream bug that will be resolved in a future release. The following is an example of a ConfigMap that can be utilized to mount your TLS certificate.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The key for the TLS Certificate config map must be labeled 'cert' because this serves as the file name for the mounted certificate. Other key names will not be effective due to an upstream bug that will be resolved in a future release. The following is an example of a config map you can use to mount your TLS certificate.
```

Author: Fixed.

====
+
.Example 

> [source,YAML]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[source,yaml]
```

----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: argocd-appset-gitlab-scm-tls-certs-cm # <1>
  namespace: test-1-32-appsets-scm-tls-mount # <2>
data:
  cert: |
    -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
    ... (certificate contents) ...
    -----END CERTIFICATE-----
----

> <1> Specifies the name of the ApplicationSet GitLab SCM Provider.
> <2> Specifies the namespace where the ApplicationSet GitLab SCM Provider is defined.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Specifies the name of the ApplicationSet GitLab SCM Provider.
<2> Specifies the namespace where the ApplicationSet GitLab SCM Provider is defined.
+
For more information, refer to link:https://argocd-operator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/argocd/#add-self-signed-tls-certificate-for-gitlab-scm-provider-to-applicationsets-controller[Add Self-signed TLS Certificate for Gitlab SCM Provider to ApplicationSet Controller].
```

Author: Fixed.

----

[id="new-features-1-14-0_{context}"]
== New features

* With this update, users can customize permissions for the Application Controller component in a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance. The {gitops-title} Operator creates an aggregated cluster role, and you can configure its permissions to combine several cluster roles into a single one. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4681[GITOPS-4681]

* With this update, the following enhancements have been introduced for multi-source application:
** You can access revision history and roll back to a specific version of a multi-source application. The *Details* view panel displays the most recent revision or commit details for each source in the multi-source application. The *History* and *Rollback* panels display the revision history associated with each source; you can select the version you want to roll back to. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4647[GITOPS-4647]
** The new *SOURCES* tab displays all source parameters of a multi-source application. With the *SOURCES* tab, you can view and edit the parameter values by using a form in the web UI. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4192[GITOPS-4192]

> * With this update, you can extend the repo server storage by mounting persistent Volumes. The repo server utilizes the `EmptyDir` default storage volume, which has limitations and might prove inadequate in scenarios involving numerous repositories, sizable repositories, or repositories containing large manifests. You can mount additional storage on demand by using the `.spec.repo.volumes` and `.spec.repo.volumeMounts` fields in the Argo CD custom resource (CR). link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4646[GITOPS-4646]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can extend the repo server storage by mounting persistent volumes. The repo server utilizes the `EmptyDir` default storage volume, which has limitations and might prove inadequate in scenarios involving numerous repositories, sizable repositories, or repositories containing large manifests. You can mount additional storage on demand by using the `.spec.repo.volumes` and `.spec.repo.volumeMounts` fields in the Argo CD custom resource (CR). link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4646[GITOPS-4646]
```

Author: Fixed.

* With this update, you can expose Argo CD Application labels on Kubernetes events generated by Argo CD. When events are created for applications that have specific label keys defined in the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field within the `argocd-cm` config map, the controller adds the matching labels to these events. This enhancement facilitates the filtering and processing of events based on the application labels. To set the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field in a {gitops-shortname} environment, use the `.spec.extraConfig` field in the Argo CD CR. The {gitops-shortname} Operator automatically adds these fields from the `.spec.extraConfig` field into the `argocd-cm` config map. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3233[GITOPS-3233]
+
.Example 
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: argocd-sample # <1>
  namespace: default # <2>
spec:
  extraConfig:
    resource.includeEventLabelKeys: team,env* # <3>
----
<1> Specifies the name of the Argo CD instance.
<2> Specifies the namespace where the Argo CD is installed.
<3> Specifies the label keys that match and are added onto Application events.
+

> For more information, refer to link:https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#labels-on-application-events[Labels on Application Events].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information, see link:https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#labels-on-application-events[Labels on Application Events].
```

Author: Fixed.

* With this update, you can verify commit signatures for `ApplicationSet` CRD created using Git generators. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3049[GITOPS-3049]
+
[NOTE]
====
The signature verification does not function with the templated project field in `ApplicationSet` CRD Git Generator.
====

[id="fixed-issues-1-14-0_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

* Before this update, users could not execute a rollback for multi-source applications in the Argo CD web UI or CLI. This update fixes the issues, and users can now carry out rollbacks for multi-source applications using the Argo CD web UI or CLI. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3996[GITOPS-3996]

* Before this update, the `ApplicationSet` Controller role did not include the `list` and `watch` permissions for the `AppProject` resource. As a result, there were errors during the application generation process. This update fixes the issue by granting necessary permissions to the `ApplicationSet` Controller role. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5401[GITOPS-5401]

> * Before this update, Argo CD was unable to synchronize Persistent Volume resources on {OCP} v4.16 due to the introduction of the new `.status.lastPhaseTransitionTime` field in Kubernetes v1.29. This update fixes the issue by modifying the Kubernetes static scheme in Argo CD. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5167[GITOPS-5167]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, Argo CD was unable to synchronize `PersistentVolume` resources on {OCP} v4.16 due to the introduction of the new `.status.lastPhaseTransitionTime` field in Kubernetes v1.29. This update fixes the issue by modifying the Kubernetes static scheme in Argo CD. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5167[GITOPS-5167]
```

Author: Fixed.

+
[NOTE]
====
The key for the TLS Certificate config map must be labeled 'cert' because this serves as the file name for the mounted certificate. Other key names will not be effective due to an upstream bug that will be resolved in a future release. The following is an example of a config map you can use to mount your TLS certificate.
====
+
.Example 
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: argocd-appset-gitlab-scm-tls-certs-cm # <1>
  namespace: test-1-32-appsets-scm-tls-mount # <2>
data:
  cert: |
    -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
    ... (certificate contents) ...
    -----END CERTIFICATE-----
----
<1> Specifies the name of the ApplicationSet GitLab SCM Provider.
<2> Specifies the namespace where the ApplicationSet GitLab SCM Provider is defined.
+

> For more information, refer to link:https://argocd-operator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/argocd/#add-self-signed-tls-certificate-for-gitlab-scm-provider-to-applicationsets-controller[Add Self-signed TLS Certificate for Gitlab SCM Provider to ApplicationSet Controller].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information, see link:https://argocd-operator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/argocd/#add-self-signed-tls-certificate-for-gitlab-scm-provider-to-applicationsets-controller[Add Self-signed TLS Certificate for Gitlab SCM Provider to ApplicationSet Controller].
```

Author: Fixed.

{gitops-title} 1.14.0 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14, 4.15, and 4.16.

[id="errata-updates-1-14.0_{context}"]
== Errata updates

[id="RHSA-XXXX:NNNN-gitops-1-14-0-security-update-advisory_{context}"]
=== RHSA-XXXX:NNNN - {gitops-title} 1.14.0 security update advisory

Issued: 2024-09-18

The list of security fixes that are included in this release is documented in the following advisory:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-XXXX:NNNN[RHSA-XXXX:NNNN]

If you have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in the default namespace, run the following command to view the container images in this release:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe deployment gitops-operator-controller-manager -n openshift-gitops-operator
----

[id="new-features-1-14-0_{context}"]
== New features

* With this update, users can customize permissions for the Application Controller component in a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance. The {gitops-title} Operator establishes an aggregated `ClusterRole`, and users can configure its permissions by following the standards of an aggregated `ClusterRole`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4681[GITOPS-4681]

> * With this update, users can access revision history and rollback to a specific version of a multi-source application. Specifically, the *Details* panel provides visibility of the most recent revision or commit details for each source in the multi-source application. Also, the *History* and *Rollback* panel displays the revision history linked to each source, enabling users to select the desired version for rollback. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4647[GITOPS-4647]

Reviewer 4: "Specifically, the *Details* panel provides visibility of the most recent revision or commit details for each source...."

@Dhruv-Soni11 , correction to my original wording.  Should be:

"Specifically, the *Details* view's status panel shows the most recent revision or commit details for each source...."

> * With this update, users can access revision history and rollback to a specific version of a multi-source application. Specifically, the *Details* panel provides visibility of the most recent revision or commit details for each source in the multi-source application. Also, the *History* and *Rollback* panel displays the revision history linked to each source, enabling users to select the desired version for rollback. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4647[GITOPS-4647]

Reviewer 4: "displays the revision history linked to each source"

What do you think about changing it to:

"displays the revision history associated with each source"

?

Author: Sounds good, fixed it.

> * With this update, users can access revision history and rollback to a specific version of a multi-source application. Specifically, the *Details* panel provides visibility of the most recent revision or commit details for each source in the multi-source application. Also, the *History* and *Rollback* panel displays the revision history linked to each source, enabling users to select the desired version for rollback. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4647[GITOPS-4647]

Author: Fixed @keithchong's comment.

* With this update, Repo server storage used for storing manifests can be extended by mounting Persistent Volumes. The default storage volume utilized by the Repo server is `EmptyDir`, which has limitations and may prove inadequate in scenarios involving numerous repositories, sizable repositories, or repositories containing large manifests. Additional storage can be mounted when required using the `.spec.repo.volumes` and `.spec.repo.volumeMounts` fields in the Argo CD CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4646[GITOPS-4646]
+
For more information, refer to the link:https://argocd-operator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/ha/repo-server/#high-availability-for-repo-server[HA for Repo Server].

> * With this update, you can view and edit the source parameters of a multi-source application. The *SOURCES* tab  displays all source parameters associated with the multi-source application, allowing you to edit the parameter values by using a form in the Web UI. This functionality consists of the capabilities available for single-source applications, which are now extended to accommodate multiple sources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4192[GITOPS-4192]

Author: Fixed.

* With this update, users can expose Argo CD Application labels on Kubernetes events generated by Argo CD. When events are created for applications that have specific label keys defined in the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field within the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap, the controller associates the relevant labels with these events. This enhancement facilitates the filtering and processing of events according to application labels. To set the `resource.includeEventLabelKeys` field in a {gitops-shortname} environment, use the `.spec.extraConfig` field in the Argo CD CR. The {gitops-shortname} Operator automatically incorporates these fields from the `.spec.extraConfig` field into the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3233[GITOPS-3233]
+
.Example 
[source,YAML]
----

> ```yaml

Author: Fixed.

apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: argocd-sample # <1>
  namespace: default # <2>
spec:
  extraConfig:

>     resource.includeEventLabelKeys: team,env*

Author: Sure, I added it to the content.

> ```

Reviewer 5: Same as previous
```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed.

----

> <1> Specifies the name of the Argo CD Application label.

Author: Fixed.

> <2> Specifies the namespace where the Argo CD Application label is defined.

Author: Fixed.

+
For more information, refer to link:https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#labels-on-application-events[Labels on Application Events].

[id="fixed-issues-1-14-0_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, users could develop applications without the necessity of verifying commit signatures through the `ApplicationSet` CRD. This update fixes the issue because users can now verify commit signatures for `ApplicationSet` CDR created using Git generators. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3049[GITOPS-3049]

Author: Got it. Fixed.

+
[NOTE]
====
The signature verification does not function with the templated project field in `ApplicationSet` CRD Git Generator.
====

> * Before this update, users could not execute a rollback for applications with multiple sources in the Argo CD Web UI or CLI. This updates fixes the issues because users can now carry out rollbacks for applications using the Argo CD Web UI and CLI. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3996[GITOPS-3996]

Author: Hi @ishitasequeira, since this RN entry is not a new feature I have decided to include only the first two entries for the multi-source applications in the New Features section.
